#WIP #CU-2nhgxne BYOG pallet version with custom header (#1456)
ComposableFi/composable: docs/byog.md

On Picasso and [other Dotsama parachains](https://wiki.acala.network/learn/flexible-fees), such mechanisms are built into the runtime. 

`On ramps` and [meta (gas less) transactions](https://docs.polygon.technology/docs/category/meta-transactions) handle such possibilities on other chains.

## Current state

Any cross-chain (XCMP) transactions can choose what assets to use to pay for the transaction.

> Direct transaction can add header to pick up `payment` asset. 

Reviewer: NIT
```suggestion
Direct transactions can add a header to pick up some `payment` asset. 
```
